<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<title>c1H5</title>
</head>
<body class="class-0">
<h1 class="heading_s3D-0">Chapter Ten</h1>
<h2 id="id__798_48_" class="heading_s3F-0">February 2014—Sochi, Russia</h2>
<p class="class_s3H-0">“Shane Hollanderrrrrrrr!”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane nearly jumped at the sound of his name being bellowed behind him. He spun around, and spotted two familiar faces approaching him: Carter Vaughan (yelling) and Scott Hunter (not yelling). Scott was the captain of Team USA’s men’s hockey team, and Carter was his teammate both here and in New York, where they played for the Admirals.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane had been walking, alone, on the beach in Sochi. He had the rest of the day and night off, and had been at a bit of a loss of what to do. His parents had considered traveling to Russia but had ultimately decided against it. For one thing, the travel arrangements and accommodations were a nightmare. Shane had convinced them that it really wasn’t worth the hassle, and pointed out that they’d watched him compete in international tournaments since he was a teenager. And maybe he was being overly cautious, but there had been a lot of articles leading up to these Games about possible security concerns, and he wanted to keep his parents safe.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane had had no idea what to expect before he’d arrived in Sochi. He’d never been to Russia before, and he wasn’t sure this over-the-top spectacle was the best representation of Rozanov’s homeland. He found himself wondering, often, about the pressure Rozanov was feeling. Being in the Olympics at all was thrilling and stressful enough for Shane without it being in his country.</p>
<p id="page_120" class="class_s3K-0">“What’s up, guys?” he said as Carter and Scott caught up with him. “Did you know there was going to be a beach here? What the fuck is this place, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Carter laughed. “No! There are fucking palm trees here! I thought Russia in the winter would be, like, cold.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Congrats on your win last night,” Scott said. Scott was a super nice guy. Carter was nice too, but Scott was, like, an angel who was really good at playing hockey. He <span class="class_s594">looked</span> like an angel: blond hair and blue eyes and built like a Navy SEAL who was also a model and maybe also a firefighter.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Thanks. It was a pretty easy win, but I’ll take it.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“These early games are all easy. Who are we playing next, Scotty? Fiji?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Scott frowned at him. “Denmark. And I don’t want anyone being cocky about it.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes, sir,” Carter teased.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Carter looked nothing like Scott, with his dark skin and brown eyes, but he was just as attractive. The difference was that Carter <span class="class_s594">knew</span> he was attractive. He was the kind of guy who took over a room, but in a good way. Everyone liked him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“How are you finding the accommodations?” Shane asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Are you kidding?” Carter asked. “I’m sleeping on a <span class="class_s594">cot</span>—”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“It’s a twin bed,” Scott corrected him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Whatever. A fucking twin bed, wedged between two other twin beds. One of them has this fucking oaf snoring away on it.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I don’t snore.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“And the other has Sully—Eric Sullivan—and I don’t even know that kid, but he’s even bigger than Scott. I would like to find the Sochi Four Seasons.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane laughed. “I’m rooming with J.J., and your teammate, Greg Huff.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Well, Huff doesn’t take up much space,” Carter said, “but J.J. is a giant.”</p>
<p id="page_121" class="class_s3K-0">“He’s not a fan of the beds either.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“What are your plans for tonight?” Scott asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I thought I’d watch some of the speed skating.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Scott’s face lit up. “Yeah? That would be cool. I saw the men’s figure skating short program is tonight too.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Oh, right. That’s probably going to be packed.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Those fucking guys are brave to be here, you know?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Brave?” Scott asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Carter lowered his voice and glanced around the beach. “Yeah, like...because of the gay thing, right? Some of those guys are risking their lives for real here. Brave as hell.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Right,” Scott said. He turned his gaze to the ocean. Shane knew about Russia’s laws against homosexuality, but he’d been trying not to think too much about stuff like that. He just wanted to enjoy the Olympics, win the gold medal, and go home. But now he was thinking about Dev, a guy he’d trained with a bit from Ottawa who was on the men’s speed skating team, and who Shane knew was gay. He was here. Was he terrified? He must be.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“They should have beach volleyball at these games!” Carter said cheerfully. “Women’s beach volleyball. That’s exactly what the Winter Olympics needs, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane nodded, but he was still thinking about Dev.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">And about Rozanov.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov could take care of himself. This was his home turf. He would know how to keep safe.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You still with us, Hollander?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane blinked and looked at Carter and Scott. “Sorry. What did you say?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“We were going to check out the McDonald’s in the athlete’s village. Thought it might be fun. Want to join us?”</p>
<p id="page_122" class="class_s3K-0">“Um, I think I’m going to...” Text Rozanov? Try to lay eyes on him? Make sure he’d not been arrested for blowing a ski jumper or something? “Relax a bit in my room. Still jet lagged, y’know?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You can relax in that room?” Carter laughed. “Good luck, then. You have my number?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yeah, I have it. I’ll see you guys later.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane tried not to walk too quickly as he left, but he was suddenly desperate to make contact with Rozanov. The only problem was he had no idea where to find him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He sent a text. <span class="class_s599">Having a good time?</span></p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">There. That was cool and casual. Just a friendly “Hey, we’re both at the Olympics! Fun, right? Also, are you in jail?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He waited all night for a reply, but none came.</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">The Olympics were bullshit.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya had been on edge all week. It had been days of smiling for the Russian media and mingling with government officials who made his skin crawl. Men and women who supported their country’s leader without question, and who expected Ilya to do the same. Ilya hadn’t had any time to enjoy himself; he’d barely had time to focus on his game.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">And it showed.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The Russian men’s hockey team was a mess. These sorts of international tournaments were always awkward, with players being tossed together to form a “dream team” of superstars who had no idea how to play with each other, but this team was especially hopeless. Too many egos. Too much pressure, here in their home country, making tempers run high in the dressing room and on the ice. Too many stupid penalties being taken, too few goals being scored.</p>
<p id="page_123" class="class_s3K-0">They were already out of the running for a medal, and that was beyond humiliating. Ilya just wanted it all to be over so he could go...home.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">When had he started thinking of Boston as home?</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Tonight Ilya’s attendance was requested (required) at a ridiculous gala, which was just a chance for the government to show off to foreign dignitaries. It was exactly the sort of event he couldn’t stand.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">And making it worse was the fact that his father would be there. His father, who had only spoken to him this week to let him know how badly he had let Russia down, would be parading his famous son around the ballroom as if he was proud of him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">But first, Ilya was expected to go to his father’s hotel room. He wished he was strong enough to refuse.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He wasn’t. So he knocked on the hotel room door five minutes before six o’clock, because anything past five minutes early was late, in his father’s eyes.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The door opened, and there was Grigori Rozanov, in all his intimidating glory. He was wearing his full dress police uniform, and Ilya could see his stern frown even through the gray beard that covered his face. He was almost fifty years older than Ilya.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He stepped aside to let Ilya into the room. He waited for Ilya to remove his wool overcoat, and then the inspection began. His father’s eyes raked over him while Ilya stood there, like a trembling child who was awaiting punishment. There was nothing—<span class="class_s594">nothing</span>—wrong with Ilya’s tuxedo. It was classic black, perfectly tailored, and his bowtie was impeccable. He had even given himself the closest shave he’d had in years. But his father would find something.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You need a haircut,” was what Grigori finally settled on. Ilya had let his hair grow out this past season, but he’d slicked it back tonight.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes, sir.”</p>
<p id="page_124" class="class_s3K-0">His father frowned at his hair for another minute, as if he could scare it back into Ilya’s scalp, before he crossed the room to the bar. He poured vodka into two tumblers, and handed one to his son.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“The Minister wants to meet you tonight.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The Minister of Internal Affairs was who he meant. His boss.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I will be honored,” Ilya lied. He wanted to toss back the vodka and pour himself four or five more.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You <span class="class_s594">should</span> be honored that he would want to meet you. After last night.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya bit down on the inside of his cheek.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“To lose to Latvia,” his father continued. “How could you have allowed that to happen? How are you not ashamed?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I <span class="class_s594">am</span> ashamed, Father.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">His father waved a hand. “Not nearly enough. They don’t teach you discipline in the American league. You are sloppy now. It’s a shame because you had such promise when you were young.”</p>
<p class="class_sCM-0">I am only twenty-two. I am one of the best hockey players in the world.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I am a better player now than I have ever been. The team just hasn’t been working well together.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Wrong thing to say.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You are the captain, are you not? Whose fault is it if the team isn’t working together?”</p>
<p class="class_sCM-0">The coach?</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Instead of saying anything, Ilya looked at the floor and waited for his father to change the subject.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Grigori stepped closer, setting his vodka on a table, and began to needlessly adjust Ilya’s bowtie. “Aagh. Who tied this for you? Your mother? She doesn’t know how to do this properly.”</p>
<p id="page_125" class="class_s3K-0">Ilya froze. His breath caught in his throat, and he swallowed hard before saying, as evenly as possible, “No, Father. Mom is dead. Remember?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">And then Grigori froze, and Ilya could see the confusion in his eyes before he blinked and shook his head. “Yes, of course. I know that. I was thinking of your stepmother.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“And where is Polina tonight?” Ilya asked, ignoring his father’s obvious lie.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Home.” No further explanation. Fine. Ilya didn’t care anyway.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">His father released Ilya’s bowtie and smoothed a hand over his lapels.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“We should go,” Ilya said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Grigori’s brow furrowed. “Yes...”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“To the gala,” Ilya supplied. “For the Olympics. You are going to introduce me to the Minister.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Grigori’s head snapped up, eyes blazing. “I know that!” He turned away from his son and threw open the closet door. He pulled his overcoat off the hanger and put it on.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya didn’t like his father, but he hated watching him deteriorate. He wondered if it would be easier when Grigori’s brain was fully gone and he no longer had to suffer the embarrassment of drifting in and out of himself.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“With me, Ilya. And behave tonight. Try to make up for the shame you have already brought your country.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He made it hard to feel sorry for him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Of course. I will.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">As Ilya followed his father down the hallway to the elevators, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He quickly glanced at the screen.</p>
<p class="class_s11X-1">Jane: Having a good time?</p>
<p id="page_126" class="class_s3K-0">He really did not need Shane stupid Hollander to be trying to make contact. Not here. Not now.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He ignored the message, and stuffed his phone back into his pocket.</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">Shane saw Rozanov standing at the top of the lower bowl of seating during the Sweden versus Finland game. He was alone, wearing a long, black wool coat instead of his team jacket. His collar was turned up. His hands were in his pockets.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane was wearing his Team Canada jacket and knit hat. At the next break in play, he left his seat and walked around the perimeter of the seating until he was standing next to Rozanov.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Hey,” Shane said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov looked at him and shook his head. “Not here,” he said tightly.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No, I’m not... I just wanted to see...how you’re doing.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Fine. Go. Sit down.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane frowned. Rozanov looked exhausted. He had dark rings under his eyes, and his face was very pale. But the most noticeable—and alarming—change was in his eyes. The playful spark that always made Rozanov’s hazel eyes dance was just...gone. Extinguished.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I—”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“We are not...anything. Not here, Hollander.” Rozanov’s eyes darted around them, as if searching for threats. It was the first time that Shane had ever seen Rozanov look uncomfortable.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Are you okay?” Shane asked. He spoke as quietly as he could over the noise of the arena.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Please go.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You didn’t answer my text and I thought...” Suddenly all the ways Shane might finish that sentence seemed stupid. <span class="class_s594">I thought <span id="page_127"/>you were in danger. I thought you were in jail. I thought you were...sad.</span></p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No, I didn’t answer your boring text. Now will you go?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov was being an asshole, which was nothing new, but he didn’t seem to mean it. In fact, Shane would bet that Rozanov would actually really like him to stay. He looked like he could use a hug.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">But obviously Shane wasn’t going to hug him here, so he just nodded and walked away. He didn’t really have time to think about Rozanov anyway; Canada was going to be playing in the quarter-finals the following evening against either America or, if Finland lost this game, Sweden.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov, and his team, was done. And Shane knew that had to feel awful. Team Russia had just been...terrible. It wasn’t Rozanov’s fault, but Shane knew he would be beating himself up about it. Hell, Shane would be beating himself up, if it were his team.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">By the time Shane returned to his seat, Rozanov was gone.</p>
</body>
</html>