<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<title>c8A</title>
</head>
<body class="class-0">
<h1 class="heading_s3D-0">Chapter One</h1>
<h2 id="id__798_37_" class="heading_s3F-0">December 2008—Regina</h2>
<p class="class_s3H-0">Ilya Rozanov trudged through the bitter cold of the hotel parking lot to the team bus. Like most of his teammates, it was his first time in North America. He had expected to feel more overwhelmed by that, but Saskatchewan was hardly New York City. Here, there was nothing to focus on but cold and hockey, and those were two things that Russians were very familiar with.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">It was two days before Christmas, but for the world’s best teenage hockey players, Christmas meant the World Junior Hockey Championships. For Ilya, it meant the chance to finally get a firsthand look at Shane Hollander.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">There had been much made of the seventeen-year-old Canadian phenom. Ilya was sick of hearing the name, which had caused such a stir in the hockey world that even Moscow wasn’t far enough to escape the hype. Both Ilya and Hollander were eligible for the NHL entry draft that coming June, and they were already expected to be the number one and two overall picks. The expected order of those two picks depended on who you asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya knew <span class="class_s594">his</span> answer.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He had never met Shane Hollander. Never played against him. But he was already determined to destroy him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He would start by leading Russia to a gold medal victory, here in Hollander’s own country. Then he would lead his team back in Moscow to their championship. And then, surely, he would be chosen first in the draft. This was the year of Ilya Rozanov. Since he was twelve years old, 2009 had always been the year he was <span id="page_23"/>expected to burst onto the world stage. No Canadian pretender would change that.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The Russian team arrived at the rink for their scheduled practice at the tail end of the Canadian team’s. Ilya paused with some of his teammates to watch the Canadians run drills. The practice jerseys didn’t have names on them, so he couldn’t pick out Hollander before he was told by his assistant coach to get his ass into the dressing room. The schedule at the practice rink was very tight.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">They took to the ice as soon as it had been cleared by the Zamboni. The rink was small, and kind of dumpy. The actual games would be in the large arena downtown. There were a few people sitting in the stands, watching the Russian team practice. Some scouts, no doubt, and the few family members who had actually made the trip from Russia, as well as several local hard-core hockey fans.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Halfway through the practice, Ilya noticed a young man sitting a few rows above the penalty box, wearing a Team Canada ball cap and jacket. He was flanked by a man and a woman, who were probably his parents. It was hard to tell from the ice, but Ilya thought it might be Hollander. His mother was Japanese or something, right? He was sure he had read that somewhere...</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Care to join us, Rozanov?” his coach bellowed in Russian across the ice. Ilya turned, embarrassed to find the rest of his teammates huddled around the coach.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He didn’t like that Hollander—if that <span class="class_s594">was</span> Hollander—was here watching them. Or maybe he did. Maybe Hollander was nervous about facing him later in the tournament. Maybe he felt threatened.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0"><span class="class_s594">He should</span>.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">After the practice, Ilya showered and dressed quickly. He headed back out into the rink to stand behind the glass and <span id="page_24"/>look at the stands. Hollander and his parents were gone. The Slovakian team had taken to the ice for their practice.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya shrugged and made his way to a vending machine. He bought himself a bottle of Coke and wondered if he could slip outside for a quick smoke before getting back on the bus.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He zipped his Team Russia parka up to his chin and slipped out a side door. It was cold as fuck outside. He pressed himself against the wall of the brick building, stuffed his Coke into his coat pocket, and pulled out a cigarette and a lighter.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You’re supposed to smoke over there,” someone said. It took Ilya a moment to translate all of the words.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He turned to see the person that he now definitely recognized as Shane Hollander. He had a very distinct look. Some of his features were clearly from his mother—jet-black hair and very dark eyes—but his father was of some bland, Anglo-European heritage. His skin, however, was flawless. Distractingly so. Smooth and tan with—and this was his most striking feature—a smattering of dark freckles across his nose and cheekbones.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“What?” Ilya said. Even the single word sounded stupid with his accent.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“The smoking area is over there.” Hollander pointed to a far corner of the parking lot, next to a large snowbank. It looked very windy there.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya settled back against the wall and lit his cigarette. <span class="class_s594">This fucking country</span>. Bad enough he couldn’t smoke indoors anywhere—he needed to go sit in the fucking snow while he did it?</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I’m surprised you smoke,” Hollander said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Okay,” Ilya said, exhaling a long stream of smoke between his lips. There was an uncomfortable silence, and then Hollander made another attempt at conversation.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I wanted to meet you,” he said, extending his hand. “Shane Hollander.”</p>
<p id="page_25" class="class_s3K-0">Ilya stared at him, and then felt his lips twitch a bit.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes,” he said. He pinched the cigarette between his lips and shook Hollander’s hand.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You’re an awesome player to watch,” Hollander said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I know.” If Hollander was expecting Ilya to return the compliment, he was going to be waiting a long damn time.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">When Ilya didn’t say anything else, Hollander changed the subject. “Are your parents here with you?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Oh. That must be rough. With Christmas and everything.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya struggled a bit to translate so many words, then said, “Is fine.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander shoved his hands in his jacket pockets. “It’s cold, huh?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">They leaned against the wall together, side-by-side. Ilya rolled his head against the brick to look down at Hollander, who stood a good four inches shorter than him. He was very interesting to look at. His cheeks were rosy from the cold, and his breath was emerging in white clouds from between his pink lips.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Next year these are gonna be in Ottawa. My hometown,” Hollander said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya finished his cigarette and dropped the butt on the ground. He decided to make an effort, since this guy seemed so determined to talk to him. “Is Ottawa more exciting?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander laughed. “Than here? I don’t know. A little. It’s just as cold.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Your parents are here.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“For this? Yeah. They’re here. They always try to come see me play wherever I go.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Nice for you.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yeah. I know. They’re great.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya didn’t have anything to add to that, so he stayed silent.</p>
<p id="page_26" class="class_s3K-0">“I should probably go. They’re waiting for me,” Hollander said. He moved away from the wall and turned to face Ilya. Ilya’s eyes went right to those damn freckles. Hollander stuck out his hand again.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Good luck in the tournament,” he said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya accepted the handshake and grinned. “You will not be so friendly when we beat you.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“That’s not happening.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya knew that Hollander truly believed that. That he would get the gold medal and be the NHL’s number one draft pick because he was the fucking prince of hockey.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Maybe Hollander expected Ilya to wish him luck as well, but Ilya just dropped his hand and turned to go back inside the rink.</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">In the car, Shane told his parents that he had been talking to Ilya Rozanov.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“What’s he like?” his mother asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Kind of a dick,” Shane said.</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">When the final game of the tournament was over, the Canadian team had to suffer one more humiliation. The Russians stopped celebrating long enough to line up so the teams could shake each other’s hands—a show of sportsmanship that, at that moment, Shane did not feel in his heart.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">For one thing, the Russian team had been <span class="class_s594">dirty</span>. He had hated playing against them.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">For another thing, Ilya Rozanov was really fucking good. Infuriatingly good. And over the course of the tournament, the media had put a lot of effort into building up their rivalry. Shane <span id="page_27"/>tried to ignore the press, but it was possible that they were stoking the flames of his hatred.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">When he reached Rozanov in the handshake lineup, he could see camera flashes all around them. He made sure he looked Rozanov right in the eye when he tersely said, “Congratulations.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov smirked and said, “See you at the draft.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">They hung a silver medal around Shane’s neck that may as well have been a dead rat, for all he wanted it. He respectfully endured the playing of the Russian national anthem, blinking back frustrated tears that he refused to let fall, and then he was finally allowed to leave the ice.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">It wasn’t supposed to have gone like this. He was supposed to have led his country to gold <span class="class_s594">in</span> his country. It was what the nation had expected. Canada’s hopes had been heaped onto his seventeen-year-old shoulders and he had let them all down.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Every face-off he had taken against Rozanov, the Russian had looked him dead in the eye and smirked. Shane was not easily shaken by anyone, but that goddamn smirk threw him off balance every time.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Maybe it was just that, after a life of playing at a level above everyone else, Shane had finally met his match.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He was sure that was all it was.</p>
</body>
</html>