<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css"/>
<title>cU4</title>
</head>
<body class="class-0">
<h1 class="heading_s3D-0">Chapter Six</h1>
<h2 id="id__798_42_" class="heading_s3F-0">January 2011—Nashville</h2>
<p class="class_s3H-0">Ilya swiped his key card for the third time and his hotel room door finally unlocked. Once inside, he fell back on the king-size bed with his arms outstretched, pleasantly buzzed from the drinks he’d consumed at his All-Star team’s dinner.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He had expected to be on a team with Hollander, since they played in the same conference, but the league had decided to change it up this year and have North American players form one team, and European players form the other. No secret as to why. The league couldn’t get enough of the Rozanov/Hollander rivalry.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya was close to making good on his promise to score fifty goals by the end of February. He had already scored thirty-eight.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander had scored forty-one.</p>
<p class="class_sCM-0">Fucking Hollander.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya’d spotted him in the lobby earlier that evening, but that was it. No words had been exchanged. He hadn’t even gotten a nod of acknowledgment from him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya wondered what Hollander was doing right now.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He wondered if there were any cute girls at the hotel bar.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Was Hollander in his own room, lying on his bed?</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Was he wondering what Ilya was doing?</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Why was Shane Hollander so fucking hard to shake? They’d hooked up <span class="class_s594">once</span>. Months ago. It had been a mistake, obviously. A giant, ridiculous mistake. Or, at the very least, something that should be forgotten about. Not a big deal.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">On the ice it was easy enough to focus on the game. Ilya actually <span class="class_s594">loved </span>playing against Hollander. He would never <span id="page_66"/>actually <span class="class_s594">tell </span>him, but Hollander was really fucking good. He challenged Ilya in ways that Ilya wasn’t used to. He loved taking the puck from Hollander. He loved slamming him into the boards. He loved skating around him. He loved shit-talking him because his eyes would get all squashed up in anger and his pink lips would curl into an adorable little attempt at a snarl. Like an angry kitten.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Okay. It wasn’t entirely easy to focus on the game.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">And after the games...and all the days between their games...when Ilya had to watch Hollander being interviewed with his lovely fucking manners and his adorable, boyish smile. When Ilya watched him play against other teams, and watched how he moved with flawless, calculated grace. When Ilya heard him switch effortlessly between perfect English and perfect French at press conferences. When Ilya thought about how eager his mouth had been back in that hotel room in Toronto...</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He didn’t even have Hollander’s phone number.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He’d see him tomorrow night.</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">Shane should have been expecting the press conference.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Saturday morning, the day of the All-Star Skills Competition, he had received a phone call from someone from the NHL’s PR office telling him there was a short press conference scheduled for that afternoon. Two o’clock. It would just be him...and Ilya Rozanov.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Why?” Shane had asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“It’s your first All-Star Game! You’re both having legendary rookie seasons! And besides, the press love the idea of getting you two together.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane had flushed a little.</p>
<p id="page_67" class="class_s3K-0">So now he found himself sitting behind a raised table, staring at a room full of reporters and cameras. That part was very familiar, and didn’t cause Shane any stress. The large Russian man next to him—who was sitting so close their forearms were almost touching where they rested on top of the table—was the one responsible for Shane’s dry mouth and (probably) noticeable stammering.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Ilya,” one reporter said, “you announced at the beginning of the season that you would score fifty goals by the end of February. You’ve scored thirty-eight so far. Do you think you’ll keep your promise?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov took a moment to reply. Shane wondered if he was working through all the English words.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes,” Rozanov finally answered. There was scattered laughter when it became clear that he wasn’t going to elaborate.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Shane, you’ve scored forty-one goals this year already. Do you think you’ll beat Rozanov to fifty?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I don’t really think about stuff like that,” Shane said carefully. “This is a team sport, and I’m happy when my team is doing well. I just try to contribute.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov was wearing a ball cap and had his head down so the reporters couldn’t see his reaction, but Shane could <span class="class_s594">feel</span> him rolling his eyes beside him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Ilya, how’s it feel to play with a team of Europeans for this All-Star Game?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Good. Perfect. Locker room makes more sense than usual.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">More laughter.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane watched the way Rozanov was slowly rubbing the knuckle of his forefinger with his thumb. He probably didn’t even realize he was doing it. Rozanov had nice hands...</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The questions kept coming, and they were all exactly what Shane had been expecting. He did his best to answer them, and even chanced a glance over at Rozanov’s profile next to him. <span id="page_68"/>His curls poked out from under his All-Star Game ball cap, and his jawline was covered in stubble. He was wearing a V-neck T-shirt, and Shane could see the glint of his gold chain where it disappeared beneath the fabric.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane turned his head abruptly back to the reporters.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He took a sip of his water and sat back in his chair. Except now he had an even better view of Rozanov, and the way he was hunched forward over the table. Shane could see the muscles in his back and shoulders straining against the thin material of the T-shirt.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Shane?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Sorry?” Shane snapped his eyes forward.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Just a quick one from the <span class="class_s594">Toronto Star</span>: Would you like to play on an All-Star team <span class="class_s594">with</span> Ilya in the future?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Oh. Sure. Yeah. I mean...” He took a breath. “Ilya’s a great player.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Ilya? Same question?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“If Hollander does not mind me being starting center. Yes.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane made a show of rolling his eyes as the room laughed. He clasped his hands together and rested them on the table in front of him, leaning over his microphone as he awaited the next question. Rozanov’s elbows were resting on the table too. His left elbow was almost brushing Shane’s right. Shane could swear there was an electric current in the narrow space between them. He felt like the hair on his arm was standing up.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Both Montreal and Boston have been out of the playoffs for three seasons now. Do you guys feel the pressure to restore your team’s legacies, even this early in your careers?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane rubbed his arm and furrowed his brow. He turned his head and saw that Ilya was looking at him, and his face showed that he was hoping Shane would field this one. Rozanov probably only understood about half the words. Shane thought it was a pretty stupid question, honestly.</p>
<p id="page_69" class="class_s3K-0">“Um,” he said. “I can’t speak for Rozanov, or what it’s like in Boston, but I know the fans in Montreal love their team and definitely are expecting us to turn things around and get back in the playoffs and win some cups. And, you know, I feel the exact same way. So... I guess my answer is that I don’t really feel any pressure that I’m not already putting on myself.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He hoped that satisfied him. Unfortunately, the reporter didn’t pick up on the fact that Rozanov was clearly struggling with understanding the question, and said, “Ilya?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Ah,” Rozanov said. “What Hollander said. Yes.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He gave the room one of his playful smiles, and everyone laughed again. Shane looked at him, and Rozanov caught his eye and winked. Shane pursed his lips to stifle a grin.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Under the table, he felt Rozanov’s foot tap against his own. It was the chastest contact in the world, but it still made Shane’s heart stop.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The press conference ended. Both men stood as the room erupted into the chaos of dozens of people packing up recording equipment. Shane offered Rozanov his hand, and Rozanov shook it. When Shane released their handshake, Rozanov slowly slid his fingers along Shane’s palm.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I’ll see you later, Hollander,” he said in a tone that was far more suggestive than it should have been.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane swallowed. “Yeah. Later.”</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">Shane allowed himself a moment, on the ice, to take everything in. The NHL’s All-Star Skills Competition was held the night before the All-Star Game, and was a chance for the stars to show off and try to prove themselves the fastest skater, or the hardest shooter. It was just a laid-back, fun night, and no one took it <span id="page_70"/>very seriously, but he was <span class="class_s594">here</span>, dammit. He was a rookie and he was an NHL All-Star. He could be a little proud of himself.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">All of the players from both teams were on the ice now, clustered in front of their respective benches. Some of the players kneeled as they waited for their events to be called. Others stood and chatted with their just-for-this-weekend teammates. The league had been less than subtle about their desire to see Shane and Rozanov go head-to-head in one of the competition events. That event ended up being the shot accuracy competition.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov went first. The net had four foam bull’s-eye targets—one in each corner—fastened to the goalposts. When the timer started, the object was to break all four targets with shots from the blue line as fast as possible. The league record was about seven seconds.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">When the whistle blew, Rozanov wasted no time. He broke the top two targets with the first two shots, then missed the next one, then cleanly broke the bottom two targets with his fourth and fifth shots.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Eight seconds.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane shook his head and watched Rozanov play to the crowd. Rozanov skated around the ice holding his stick like a rifle, celebrating his skills by pretending to shoot at the rafters.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane skated up to replace Rozanov on the blue line, and Rozanov came to a stop right in front of him. “Sorry about that, Hollander.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You think I can’t beat that?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov just winked and nudged Shane a little as he passed him. Shane heard the crowd’s delighted reaction.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Fuck it. Fuck <span class="class_s594">him.</span> Shane could do this. He could do this with his fucking eyes closed.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The whistle blew and Shane just locked on to those targets. He watched each one burst apart with four perfect shots.</p>
<p id="page_71" class="class_s3K-0">Six. Point. Seven. Seconds.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The crowd went wild. Shane threw his arms over his head and celebrated more than was probably necessary or sportsmanlike, but fuck, it felt <span class="class_s594">good</span>.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He smirked at Rozanov as he skated back to his teammates. Rozanov wasn’t smiling now, but the look in his eyes was...</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane flushed and turned his attention to his teammates.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">His contribution to the competition completed, Shane could now just relax and enjoy himself as he watched the others battle each other. He would like to say his gradual movement down the line in front of the bench to where the two teams met was not deliberate, but that would be a lie. And it seemed he wasn’t the only one making that journey.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane leaned casually against the boards at the end of the bench, pretending to focus on the players competing for hardest shot, instead of on the man who was standing a couple of feet from him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Nice job, Hollander,” Rozanov drawled.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Thanks.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Have fun last night?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Last night?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“With your teammates. Dinner somewhere? Get drunk?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane looked down at the ice. “Oh. Yeah. It was fun. Um...how about you guys?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Lots of fun. No fucking Canadians or Americans. Was perfect.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Ah.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He turned his gaze to Rozanov’s face. No one wore helmets for the skills competition, since there was no actual body contact, and Shane could admire the profile of his chiseled jaw, and the soft curls of his hair.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Going to bed early tonight. I think,” Rozanov said suddenly.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane’s mouth went a little dry. “Oh?”</p>
<p id="page_72" class="class_s3K-0">“Yes.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">They stood in silence, watching the action on the ice. Loud music blared and the crowd cheered as another record was broken.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov leaned down. His breath ghosted over Shane’s ear when he said, in a low voice, “Twelve twenty-one.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">A shiver ran through Shane’s body, and before it had even left him, Rozanov was gone. Shane watched him skate down the ice to talk to a fellow Russian player.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Shane hoped he wasn’t blushing.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“The fuck did Rozanov want?” asked Liam Casey, a defenseman for Pittsburgh.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Nothing,” Shane said quickly. “Just shit-talking, you know?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Guy’s a fucking asshole.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yeah,” he said.</p>
<hr class="class_s3Y-0"/>
<p class="class_s3H-0">Ilya wasn’t surprised at all when the knock came.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">It was late. After midnight. He had been back in his room for almost two hours.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander pushed into the room as soon as Ilya opened the door. He turned and flipped the bar latch as if someone was going to burst in any moment.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He looked terrified.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Is there a ghost out there?” Ilya asked, amused.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No. Fuck you. This is fucking dangerous and you know it.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Is it? We are not doing anything.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander looked at him hard. His dark eyes were a mixture of anger and lust. Ilya decided to drop the act.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You came anyway,” he said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yeah,” Hollander said, his voice tight and full of forced courage. “I guess I did.”</p>
<p id="page_73" class="class_s3K-0">Ilya nodded, and then Hollander swore under his breath and lunged forward to kiss him. He grabbed Ilya’s T-shirt in a tight fist and pulled him closer.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya moaned at the hot slide of Hollander’s tongue against his. He tugged roughly on the hair at the back of Hollander’s head, tipping his head back so he could deepen the kiss.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">They broke apart and Hollander looked at him, eyes wild and dark hair a mess, silently begging for instruction.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“On your knees,” Ilya said softly, just to see what he would do.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Expecting Hollander to tell him to fuck off, Ilya’s breath caught in his throat as he watched him sink fluidly to the floor. His gaze stayed on Ilya. Those eyes that were always so sharp were now hazy with desire as he leaned forward to nuzzle and mouth at the bulge in Ilya’s sweatpants.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Christ, Hollander,” Ilya breathed, gently pulling at Hollander’s hair as he pressed hot, openmouthed kisses to the fabric that pulled tight over Ilya’s erection. He felt dizzy and less in control than he wanted to be as Hollander tucked fingers into Ilya’s waistband and pulled down until Ilya’s cock was freed.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander didn’t hesitate. He dragged his tongue up the length before wrapping his lips around the head and sinking down. Ilya couldn’t even make a smart remark. He just gasped and let his head fall back, completely overwhelmed by Hollander’s need for this. He certainly didn’t have the ability to conjure English words right now.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander reached a hand up and slid it, fingers splayed, under the hem of Ilya’s T-shirt. He pushed the shirt up until Ilya took the hint and pulled it off over his head. He carefully stepped out of his sweatpants, Hollander’s mouth never leaving him, and planted a hand on the back of Hollander’s head. He was careful not to hold him too firmly in place. This wasn’t control—Ilya just wanted to touch him. To let the silky strands <span id="page_74"/>of his hair slip through his fingers as Hollander gave in to what he had clearly been craving.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander’s hands wandered as he sucked him. His touch was light and curious, his fingertips almost tickling Ilya as he explored his thighs and hips and around to his ass. Ilya wondered how far Hollander was willing to go with him. He wondered if he’d done anything with another man since their last time. The desperate, unskilled motion of his mouth and the slight tremble in his hands suggested that he hadn’t.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">The idea that Ilya was probably the only one who ever saw him like this—that he was the only person in the entire fucking world who knew what it felt like to have those pretty pink lips wrapped around his cock...</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya swore in Russian and pulled away. He grabbed Hollander by the front of his shirt and hauled him up, kissing him roughly before throwing him on the bed. He wanted to know how much he would give him tonight.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander stared up at him, lips dark and wet and parted. His hair was everywhere. Ilya just stood there and watched him toe off his sneakers, never breaking eye contact. Hollander was breathing heavily, as if he wasn’t one of the most physically fit people on the planet.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya bit his lip and watched him pull his shirt off. In seconds Ilya was covering him on the bed with his body, and kissing him hungrily.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya had always been this way. He loved sex, and he loved it more when it was dangerous—when it was with someone he <span class="class_s594">knew</span> he shouldn’t be with. Whether that was his coach’s son, or his brother’s girlfriend, or his teammate’s sister, Ilya couldn’t resist a bad idea.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">And Shane Hollander was a <span class="class_s594">bad</span> fucking idea. The <span class="class_s594">worst </span>idea. Wrong in every way imaginable. Two men. Two NHL players, poised to be the two biggest stars in the league soon enough. <span id="page_75"/>Two bitter rivals on opposing teams that had hated each other for almost a hundred years.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Plus, Ilya hated this guy. He hated his pretty boy face and his perfect goddamned English and his perfect goddamned French and his loving parents and his polite little manners and his million-dollar smile. He hated how serious he was. How <span class="class_s594">earnest</span>. He was everything the league wanted from their stars.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya kissed his dumb mouth and swallowed his stupid little sighs and felt his annoying fingers in his hair. He pulled back so he could look at his horrible face with its ridiculous freckles.</p>
<p class="class_sCM-0">Fuck.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya kissed him again so he wouldn’t have to think about him. He wanted to fuck him. God, would Hollander let him fuck him?</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">They kissed each other frantically, rolling and taking turns straddling each other and pulling off what was left of Hollander’s clothes in the process. Ilya kissed his way down his body and took him into his mouth. Hollander’s hips jerked off the bed, nearly forcing Ilya off him, but Ilya held on. He sucked him and enjoyed the desperate noises he pulled out of him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He let his fingers trail down below Hollander’s balls. He tapped one finger against his puckered opening and waited for a reaction. Hollander’s body stilled on the bed, so Ilya drew light circles around his hole, just a casual suggestion.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">He could feel Hollander tense up. He was completely silent now. Ilya pulled his mouth off him and looked up at his face.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Have you ever?” Ilya asked.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander shook his head.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Would you like to?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I don’t know.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You are scared.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No! No, I’m not <span class="class_s594">scared</span>.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Is okay to be.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander exhaled loudly. “I’m <span class="class_s594">not</span> scared,” he said again.</p>
<p id="page_76" class="class_s3K-0">“Have you ever touched yourself,” Ilya asked, circling his finger again, “here?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander’s face flushed bright red, and Ilya grinned.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Jesus Christ,” Hollander muttered.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You are embarrassed.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Well!”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You don’t play with your ass? It makes you gay?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Oh my fucking god...”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“You know what makes you gayer?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Rozanov...shut the fuck—”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Sucking my dick. You were doing that a minute ago.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander sat up. “I’ve played with it, all right? I’ve—I’ve got a...thing.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“A thing?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“A dildo! Okay?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya grinned so hard it hurt. “What color?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Fuck you!”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Is it big?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I’m leaving.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander moved to get off the bed. Ilya quickly covered him and pinned him back down. He held him down by the wrists, and Hollander made a halfhearted attempt to fight him off, but stopped when Ilya kissed him.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I want to fuck you, Hollander,” Ilya said against his ear.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander shuddered, and Ilya was sure he was going to say yes, but instead, “I...no. I can’t. Not here.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya considered his answer, and nodded. Not here. Not in a hotel surrounded by their fellow NHL players. By the media. By fans. Not now, when they would both have to be as close to silent as possible when Ilya entered him for the first time...</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Okay,” Ilya said, nipping at his throat. “Next time, then.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander snorted, but he was smiling hopefully. “Next time?”</p>
<p id="page_77" class="class_s3K-0">Ilya shrugged one shoulder. “We play in Montreal in two weeks.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“That doesn’t mean we can... I mean, how <span class="class_s594">would</span> we? <span class="class_s594">Where</span> would we?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Are you homeless?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Well then...”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“So, what? You’re just gonna sneak out of your hotel? What will you tell your teammates?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“The fucking truth! I’m going to get laid! Like every city we play in!”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander’s brow furrowed. “Oh.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yeah. Oh.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“So...after the game you just want me to wait at home for you?” Hollander’s voice was tight, like he was angry about something.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya rolled his eyes. He had no idea why they were wasting time talking right now anyway. “Yes! Wait for me. I will come to your house and fuck you.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander looked embarrassed again. “It’s an apartment,” he mumbled.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Jesus! Fine! I will fuck you in your apartment. Can we get back to things now?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes.” Hollander frowned. “But...”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“But?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“In the shower. The water will drown out...anything.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Rozanov huffed, but it <span class="class_s594">was</span> actually a good idea.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes,” he said, springing off the bed and onto his feet, “but hurry the fuck up.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander shoved him as he walked by, leading the way to the bathroom. He turned the water on, and as they waited for it to get hot, Ilya kissed him against the closed door until Hollander shoved him away so he could pull Ilya into the shower. He <span id="page_78"/>slammed Ilya against the tile and wrapped a hand around his cock as he kissed him. Ilya grinned against his mouth. This was the Shane Hollander he wanted: competitive, aggressive.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Your hands are so soft,” Ilya said. “Like a girl’s.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Fuck you.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya laughed. Hollander jerked him harder, as if trying to prove how strong and masculine his hands were.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya bit his own lip and gave up teasing his rival. For now. He reached for Hollander and they brought each other off frantically and roughly in the shower, letting the rush of water muffle their English and Russian profanity.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander got dressed quickly when they were done. Ilya stood with a towel wrapped around his waist, waiting to hear what Hollander would say.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Um...”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya didn’t say anything back. He waited.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“I know we said...about Montreal...but...”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya crossed his arms and leaned against a wall.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“We probably shouldn’t,” Hollander finished.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No. I mean...obviously, right?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya watched Hollander run a nervous hand through his damp hair.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“It’s stupid,” Hollander said, more to himself than to Ilya. “This is stupid. I don’t know why we did this. Again.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya walked slowly toward him. When he reached him, he put a hand on the side of his face and tilted his head until he could look directly in his eyes. “Give me your phone.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“My phone?” Hollander asked weakly.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Yes.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander fumbled the phone out of his pocket and handed it to Ilya. Ilya took it and entered his number into Hollander’s <span id="page_79"/>contacts, under the name Lily. Hollander snorted when he saw it.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Who should I be?” he asked as he picked up Ilya’s phone from the dresser. “Shannon?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Jane,” Ilya said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Jesus Christ,” Hollander muttered as he typed.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“No. Just Jane.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander glared at him as he handed his phone back. “This isn’t a yes, just so you know,” he said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“It will be.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander shook his head, but Ilya could tell he was fighting a smile.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Good luck tomorrow,” Hollander said.</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Sure.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander turned to open the door, but stopped. “Hey, um...you wanna take a look out there and see if the coast is clear?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya couldn’t quite translate his words. “Sorry?”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Just...take a look and see if the hall is empty. I don’t want anyone to see me coming out of your room!”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Ilya opened the door enough to stick his head out. “Empty.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander blew out a breath. “Okay. Well...bye.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">“Good night.”</p>
<p class="class_s3K-0">Hollander nodded. And left.</p>
</body>
</html>